+++
title = "October '24 Agenda"
date = 2024-10-15T14:43:39-06:00
draft = false
categories = [
    "agendas",
]
+++

# Hi Everyone!  Just a reminder that our October meeting is this coming Sunday, October 20, at 2pm at Grace Community Church.

We will be electing our club officers for the year at this month's meeting.  You must be in 7th grade or older in order to run for an office.  See below for the duties for each office of our club.  Please consider if you would like to serve a roll for our club this year.  Also prepare a couple of reasons why you would be a good fit for that position.

Let me know if you have any questions!

Suzy Barker

All Officers:

* Arrive to meetings at 1:40 to set up and greet members
* Attend club meetings and activities
* Let Suzy know if you are not able to be at a club meeting
* Listen to others and give your input in discussion
* Manage the club meetings
* Help clean up after meetings


President:

*  Lead the monthly meeting
* Use the gavel to assist in the leading of the meeting
* Establish a sense of team and make members feel welcome
* Notify the Vice President if unable to attend a club meeting
* Appoint a temporary secretary if the elected secretary is absent


Vice President:

*  Lead the monthly meeting if the president is unable to attend
* Establish a sense of team and make members feel welcome
* Serves as leader of committees/ committee time
* Introduces any guests/speakers at a club meeting


Secretary:

*  Record the minutes of each meeting, including motions and who made them
* Sit next to the president at the club meetings
* Read the roll call and take attendance at club meetings
* Set up a Secretary Binder which includes club goals, roster, attendance, meeting minutes, and any committee reports and correspondence
* Read aloud the club minutes
* Email out the club minutes to members after each club meeting
* Send thank you notes to any guest speakers or those who donate time or money to the club


Treasurer:

*  Account for money that is spent and received
* Maintain a binder of monthly statements for the club
* Maintain financial records including copies of invoices, bills, and receipts
* Present a treasurer’s report at each club meeting

Previous message for those who are new this year:
 
Hi Everyone, and WELCOME!! to those who will be new with the Green Castle Barnstormers 4-H Club this year!

The 4-H year runs from September through August.  Our first monthly meeting will be THIS coming Sunday, September 15, at 2pm at Grace Community Church in North Liberty, Room 304, which is in the east end of the building.  Park at the east end of the church by the east door.  

Enrollment for this 4-H year is now open!  Here is the link...please enroll sooner rather than later!   https://v2.4honline.com/ 

Help sheets to assist you in the enrollment process: https://www.extension.iastate.edu/4h/4honline-information-families-and-leaders
